  Implementing a new target architecture in Qemu involves the creation of a
  dynamic binary translator TCG front-end for this architecture.
  Testing is necessary to verify the correctness of this translator component.
  Currently, the TCG front-end testing systems use an approach based on a
  comparison with an oracle.
  This oracle have the same processor architecture.
  And the oracle may be a real processor, a high-fidelity emulator or another
  binary translator.
  Unfortunately, such oracles are not always available.
  This paper is devoted to testing the target architecture implementation
  in Qemu with the lack of the necessary oracle for comparison.
  The main idea is that a program written in a high-level programming language
  should execute equally regardless of processor architecture.
  In other words, one can use a real processor with a different architecture
  for comparison.
  In this paper, this is the processor of a developer machine.
  In fact, the oracle architecture — AMD64.
  The objects of comparison of this approach are the essence of a high-level
  programming language.
  Tests are written in this language.
  The C language ​​was chosen for this purpose, because, on the one hand, it is
  fairly close to the hardware, and on the other, it has good portability.
  The approach is implemented in the c2t tool (Processor Testing Tool) and is
  part of QDT [[$](# ref.QDT)].
  Source code is available here: https://github.com/ispras/qdt.
  The tool is implemented in the Python programming language and supports
  testing of Qemu in full system and user level emulation modes.
  This tool is suitable for testing TCG front-ends which are generated by the
  automatic TCG front-end generation system [[$](# ref.TCGgen)] or implemented
  in the classical way (manually).
